I'm Rhea, the richest woman in the world, the daughter of the Duke of Seventh and the only
heiress of the Targaryen family.
Three years ago, I ran away from home.
The series saved my life in a car accident and we started dating.
I didn't want to scare my way, so I lied about who I was and pretended to be a delivery
girl.
For three years, I've secretly supported a startup business.
And this delivery job has definitely shown me some weirdos.
It's lost.
Today, Mr. Baratheon, the owner of Baratheon Group, he's coming to visit the property.
You're going to make our elevators dirty, take the stairs.
Arguing isn't my thing.
Luckily, I have others to fight my fights.
Tyrion Baratheon, or I come to you.
He's the richest man of the North and he manages the real estate business for my family.
Mr. Baratheon is almost every billion of the North.
He's basically running the world here.
Mr. Baratheon.
My lady, I'm sorry I'm late.
She's a lady?
How could this dinky delivery girl be a lady?
Shut up!
You don't deserve to know who she is.
These men?
No need to make a scene to make them deliver the packages.
And, um, no elevators allowed.
Very well.
Be grateful that this lady has shown you mercy brats.
Thank you for your mercy, my lady.
Thank you.
Oh, my lady.
Where are you going?
Today's my date.
The series is not getting married.
It's been around me, pickle.
Come with me.
Put him up.
Bang, bang.
Ahhh.
Yes.
Miss Pickles.
Hold that thought.
Boss, you keep pretending to be homeless to scare up your future fiance.
Mrs. Stark is threatening to disown you.
Okay.
I'm not even that into her.
If it wasn't for the bidding conference, I would have never even shown my face.
Tell mother, the only girl I'll marry is a girl on my destiny.
Is it that right, Miss Pickles, a girl on my destiny?
That's who I'll marry.
It's her.
It's the girl from three years ago.